Destination format is not cosmetic.
It determines how the work will be consumed, edited, shared, or executed after the agent finishes.
A useful answer in the wrong container creates another manual task.
Specify the final surface and its structure.
Is the artifact a Markdown brief, a one-page document, a spreadsheet with formulas, a slide deck, a checklist, a ticket update, or files ready for a repository?
Name the required sections, fields, ordering, dimensions, naming rules, and file location.
If a downstream system will parse the result, provide the schema or an example.
If a human will review it, optimize for scanning and decision speed.
Ask for both the artifact and the handoff state.
The handoff should say what changed, which evidence was checked, what remains unresolved, and what action is allowed next.
This is especially important when a task may resume in another session.
For a launch package, the destination might include a release checklist, approved copy, media paths, a risk table, and a final go-or-stop status.
A prose answer that merely discusses the launch would not satisfy the task.
The common failure is treating format as an afterthought.
The agent solves the intellectual problem but returns a shape that cannot be published, imported, reviewed, or resumed without substantial rework.
First, specify the destination surface and required structure.
Second, include naming, location, and machine-readable rules when they matter.
Third, deliver the artifact together with its verified handoff state.